The man awoke with a start at the sound.  The blaring, scraping sound that played out next to him.  He reached out his hand, flailed towards from where the sound came.  Eventually he hit true and the sound ebbed.  He rolled on his side, and sighed.  After a few minutes more, he opened his eyes.  The room was black.  It must still be early, before the rising of the sun.  The only light piercing the darkness was that of his computer Ð humming quietly under the desk.  His eyes couldn't focus on the green glow.  He didn't have his contacts in.A few minutes more.  He sits up in bed, stretches.  His bones and muscles ache, the ache of one who has never slept deeply, never slept soundly.  The room is cold, he shivers as the blankets fall away.  Roughly, slowly he stands up.  The floor is cold as ice, but he steps across it slowly.  Gathering the filthy rags he calls clothing around him, he opens the door to his room, and walks out into the hallway.  Down the stairs is the bathroom.  The man flicks the switch on the wall, and the stark white light Ð in contrast to the dark upstairs blinds him, but only for a second.  He drops his clothing on the floor, turns the faucets in the tub.  Water begins to flow, sluggish at first, but speeding up and warming after a time.  Once it has reached a high enough temperature, he casts aside the black curtain and lurches beneath the shock of the water.  Warmth, precious warmth.A while later, after cleaning and dressing himself again, the man heads downstairs to the kitchen.  He fills the coffee pot with water, after cleaning out the putrid remains of yesterday's brew.  The beans are in the freezer, he remembers.  As he pulls the door of the freezer open, the cold mist washes over him.  He quickly grabs the beans, and pours them into the grinder.  For the second time that morning, he endures a horrible grating, buzzing noise.  This time, he must make it last a short time.  Otherwise the grind will be wrong, and his day will be ruined by weak coffee.  Shame at using such a poor grinder washes over him, but it doesn't clean him the way the shower did, it only makes him more filthy.The man has a simple breakfast, just toast and coffee.  After preparing his daily things, he begins his walk to the office.  The street is empty, save the wind.  It is a gray, blustery day.  The diffuse light through the clouds makes the trees, the houses seem devoid of color.  He pulls up the hood on his jacket, and puts his head down.  He heads in to the wind, and begins the journey to the office.  After a few blocks, he turns.  The cars are streaming down 48th street, he vaguely notices them.  After turning the corner, he spies the church in which he works.  The rest of the day is a blur.