He awoke before the klaxon of the alarm with the din of the street below rousing him from his slumber.  Like a bear waking from hibernation.  He threw back the covers and embraced the cold.  An hour later he was on the street.  He walked to work and headed for the bus.  If a bus came by.  
When he came to the corner three people were standing.  Did a bus come? he asked.  They did not respond.  Forlorn and hopeless.  Up the street the rain obscured his view.  He set out along the sidewalk in the dim light, avoiding puddles, the cityscape before him.  He stopped at a light and watched traffic.  Damn you cars, he said.  They clog the roads and pollute the air.  Winter needs snow.  Rain is miserable.  
He crossed the street and a few blocks on he came upon more people.  Some miserable people, wet and wistful.  The street was slick and dark from the freezing rain.  He stepped out and fell.  The people watched him.  Are you okay?  one asked.  He looked up.  Why did you say nothing? he asked.  
He picked up his bag and started off.  He put a foot down one by one, leaving the pain to fall away with each step and made his way to work.  Wet socks to chill his sore feet, the sodden hooves.  You like to torment me, he said.  I do, said the voice.  I bet, he said.  I bet.  
He arrive at the office and stared up blinding himself with the reflection of the sun in the glass.  Tears streamed down his face.  Salty and wet.  Covered he stepped inside.  Do you have stairs in your house? the guard asked.  I am protected, he replied.  The man put his hand in his pocket and pulled out his badge.  He scanned it and stepped into the waiting elevator that whisked him to the top floor.  He stepped out into silence.  No one around.  He lowered his head and walked to the office.
When he closed his door he relaxed and took off his outerwear he would need for the trip home.  He went across the office and sat in the chair and picked up the phone.  He looked up a number in his contacts.  The drab colorless phone sat on his wooden desk.  Like a misplaced thing.  He picked up the handle.  Called the boss.
	Where are they? he asked the boss.  Why should that matter, the boss replied.  He planned to argue but the boss was too curt for conversing.  Can we wait till the others arrive? he said.  No.  of course not.  
	He was a long time getting to task.  After a while he got up and left.  His face was creased with tension from the work like an old man's balls.  Why do I do this?  he asked.  Because you must.
