He woke to gray light and the sweaty remnants of a fitful sleep.  An alarm was sounding.  He pushed away the thick wool blankets and stood on the cold wood floor and thought about the day.  Work to be done and meetings to take and hardly anytime to reflect on the present.  He stepped towards the shining bathroom and grabbed the stiff toothbrush and began scrubbing away the muck of a listless and senseless evening.When he was cleaned and dressed he began to assemble his things.  He folded the rough black overcoat onto his bag and check that he had the power adapter.  He surveyed the room for anything he may need.  Looking for pencils or books.  Searching for anything that might cause his grief later in the day.  He went downstairs and saw the sticky brown mess of the night before.  He sat and ate his apples and cheese and watched the mess congeal with the newspapers.He stepped out into the ashen grey light of October and headed for his car.  The cold blue handle was resistant and he struggled with it.  The neighbor stepped onto her porch.  Good morning, she said.	Hi Beverly.	Cold morning.	Yes.	Enjoy the day.	Okay.The inside of the car smelled of ash and oil.  It was a complete mess.  He turned on the car and headed out towards the black expanse of the highway.  He swerved and passed and made his way south.  He passed legions of commuters and donut stands and he ignored them.When he found a parking space he took two aspirin and went inside.  The office was covered in calm green tones and the lights were always dim.  He headed straight towards his office and closed the door behind him.  He looked around the office and it seemed safe.  He grabbed the small black box of tea and heated up the worn and stained water heater.  The tea smelled of damp stone and feathers.  He read the news and then wrote out a schedule for his day.  The plan was mostly normal.  He pushed the card into his pocket and went to his mailbox and found it barren.  He was not surprised.He stayed in the office for hours.  The light through the windows became yellow and he stood to leave.  The first class room was peach and hollow and he loathed it.  The building was lined with purple trim and orange glass.  He pushed his way through crowds of teenagers and found a coffee station.  The coffee was burnt and hot and he drank it quickly on his way back to the office.The office was bustling.  He passed friends and waved hello.  He noticed the youngest student reading in the breakroom.  Hello, he said.	Hello.	What are you reading?	Cormac McCarthy.	Enjoy.He returned to the office and thought about the author.  His stilted sentences and lack of commas was known.  He hated it.  He turned his machine on and continued working as the yellow light turned blue in the half waning day.