Chris woke up today, just like any other day. The sun, shinning in, hurting his freshly woken eyes. Chris looks over, the time is 10AM, a wave of relief rushes over Chris, he knows he can sleep longer. Chris thinks to himself about how his schedule selecting skills are beyond amazing.  He slowly closes his eyes, the room suddenly goes dark, and sleep falls upon him.
Chris jolts from a noise; he soon realizes it is his alarm clock again. As he grumpily sits up and squints an old man's squint, he sees the time is now 12PM. Now, it is time to start the day.
Chris jumps out of bed and onto the cold wood floor. He ponders how the hell did the floor get so cold, so fast? He heads to the bathroom where a hot shower awaits. Chris examines his face to determine if shaving is necessary. He decides against it, and proceeds to shower. After showering, onto the frozen hall. The frigid morning air gets the best of him as he scampers to his room in only a towel.
Now, a process must occur, the selection of clothing. Chris does not own much clothing, so options are thankfully limited. First, Chris realizes he must adorn some deodorant. He walks over to his dresser, picks up the deodorant, opens the cap, and takes a whiff of what he is about to place on himself. He wonders how the creators associate "Mountain Fresh" with this scent. Chris has been to the mountains, they do not smell like this exotic clear gel that sits before him. None the less, he puts it on, and then is ready to roll.
As he exits the house, he pulls the small sharp key sticking out of his pocket and sticks it into his bicycle lock. It unlocks as if the lock was bought yesterday, although Chris can assure you it was not. Chris looks at his old, dirty, creaky bike, and hops on. He knows he should take better care of it, but why bother? This bike is obviously indestructible, it's lasted this long. He pedals like he has never pedaled before. Taking deep breaths in and out as he pushed along on his way to class. He swerves, in and out between cars, as if he knew what their actions were going to be even before they made them.
Chris is now a light away from his destination. He can see it within his sight. The big, ugly university crossing's building. The light turns red, but Chris believes he can make it. He pedals with all his might, and then gets t-boned by a bus. That is the end of Chris.
