	She woke up and stared around the room, the same room she had fallen asleep in.  Her eyes passed over piles of dirty laundry, and disorganized books.  Everything felt more dismal with the blinds still drawn.  Something about the suspension of day break seemed to make the cold sink into the house a little bit more.  She debated getting up, but opted to settle back into the red flannel sheets and piles of antique blankets.  Opting for the comfort of one of the many books piled beside her as a precursor for what waited downstairs.  She pulled the blankets up to her chin and propped herself on one of the many oversized stuffed animals that cluttered the bed.  Everything about her life, her room was cluttered.  Lying in bed she wondered how her socks ended up in every room of the house.  It’s not that she wanted it to be her house it’s just that things seem to pile up and organization was sometimes beyond her.  She left for a week once and was terrified she would come home to the house in better condition than when she lived there.  That somehow in her absence the dishes would all find proper homes in the cabinets, that the bathroom would scrub itself, and that dust would vanish from all surfaces.  Instead she came home and found things much as they were.  She opened her front door, walked in to a clean house, but it was because they had spent the final day of her trip awaiting her return and scrubbing furiously, afraid that she would be disappointed in them.  What they had not realized is that she was just disappointed in herself.	Remembering that day was enough to force her to get up.  She moved across the attic of her house, shutting off the fan she used to block out neighboring house noise most nights.  In the same motion she fumbled for her glasses, and picked up a hooded sweatshirt off the floor.  If she was no longer going to be wrapped in sheets she would instead be wrapped in thick cotton.  She descended the stairs pondering the sharp thunk that accompanied each step.  The whole house felt different, sounded different since they removed more of the carpet.  The house seemed to breath easier not clogged with old synthetic material and years of old dust.  It caused echoes to resound from the first floor on up to her hideaway in the attic.  Everything felt more alive.  Maybe it was because every time they did something permanent to the house, from painting walls to tearing things up they put her mark on it.  They took the old house and claimed parts of it in her name, attempting to render the building obedient to her wishes.  But at times when she sat in the attic with no fan running, no music to distract her, it bore the question of whether a house could ever really be owned.  After one hundred and eleven years of existence, was it really possible to own anything?