He wheezed the morning air while grappling for the singing alarm. Blankets belayed his cunning plot to steal away the precious moments of half-conscious warmth.  Like a bear in Spring.  But he had much to do that day, and even more that excited him.

Ripping away the layers of sheets required more energy than he thought he could muster but he was biting the air of his kitchen before that of his bedroom could take hold around his cooling skin.  He snapped on the power of his already filled electric kettle and was just as quickly in his bathroom.  He couldn't remember walking in, but this is clockwork for him by now.  He awoke the instant the shower rained on his dishevelment.  Another layer of sleep peeling off, draining away with the water.  Water that was taking too long to warm up.

Pulling the fluffy towel from its rack, he attentively padded himself dry.  Care is needed not to dry the face during the scurry to the kitchen to retrieve the now boiled kettle.  With the towel wrapped around his waist he begins his morning ritual.

Hot water in the mug.  Brush in the mug.  The blade read "Wilkinson Sword" on the layered wax paper packaging.  Made in Germany.  The razor is a vintage Gillette from the 1950s.  He tightened to the closest setting.  Two flicks of the brush to remove some water.  The concentrated shaving cream came next like a thick lubricant effusion onto the primed badger hair.  The bristles spin and crunch on his still wet cheek as the cream transmuted, bathing his whetted whiskers in a luscious lather.  Face thoroughly foamed, the razor began its work with the grain.  Short strokes with little pressure, styptic standing by, always at the ready.  The grain of a man's whiskers is rarely regular, flowing like the current of a stream over his face, changing course and eddying in the coves of his angles.  He has long since memorized his grain.  The past day's whiskers peel off with the lather, draining away in the sink with the water from the faucet.  He always enjoys the sound of the whiskers snapping, so he allows the water to gurgle when it is needed.  This also informs him of which areas will need more attention.  Reapplication of lather and adjustment of the blade precedes the next pass: across the grain. Face contorting in unnatural expressions to aid in the flow of hot, wet, steely blade over warm, moist, prickly skin.  Blade reset to coarsest setting for the last pass: against the grain.  The whiskers have been slowly whittled to stumps in the forest of his glistening face.  Many are invisible, but he can feel them.  The blade can find them.  And it did.

His face felt naked without the invisibly protective insulating layer of air captured by his then equally invisible whiskers.  He felt as cold as when he first ripped away the layers of his bed.  Eucalyptus balm, simultaneously burning and soothing, distracts his embarrassment long enough for him to become used to his new skin.