The sun crept over the hill and gently spread its light across the countryside.  He rose to meet the dawn as his companion slept softly.  The woman beside him did not stir as he left the bed to start the fire for breakfast.  He started the fire and gathered the food for preperation.  Like a glorious blooming red rose, the fire crackled to life.  Through the window he saw the lake glimmer.  Like a shining mirror, it echoed the mountainous hillside around him.  A young doe drank by the water unaware of his watch.

The cabin was quaint, but comfortable.  It was not a large or flashy home as she had grown up in.  He hoped that she would feel at home in the mountains regarless.  He returned to the bed.  The stove had warmed up and was almost ready for his breakfast preperations.  She stirred as he brushed her hair out of her face.

A slow smile came to here as she opened her eyes to see him over her.  He smiled in return as he thought of how good the past few days had been.  She opened the blankets to him and he accepted the invitation.  They shared a few monents of peace before he rose again to begin cooking.

Breakfast was simple, but good.  The crackling fire had boiled water.  Like a mist over the lake steam rose from the pot as he poured the water for tea.  Slowly drinking the tea, they enjoyed watching the colors drift across the mountainside with the rising dawn.  Fall had brought magnificent color to the region as the leaves changed colors on the trees and would soon fall.

It would be a cold winter and they had begun their preperation of gathering food and firewood to the cabin.  They would most like be shut off from the world once the snow came, and travel became dificult.  There was enough food stockpiled to last the months of winter.  Winter would also be beautiful in the mountains.

The snow on the trees and ice on the lake would create a picturesque scene.  He had spent many a winter here and knew it well.  He also knew that this would be her first winter away from the city and hoped that she would not become bored without the trapping of society.  In the wild there was much to be done.  But without guidance she might become bored sitting around the house and doing the necessary chores to survive the cold of winter.

Together they would survive.  And in the spring they would return to the city.  She could visit her family and would be able to partake in the activities she had missed.  They would have to travel in to restock the cabin with supplies.  The winter would surely leave them baren.  They would also be able to visit the pubs, shops, and many of the places not available to them in the wilderness.