She awoke. Initially the great silence enveloped her like the robe that her mother had worn when she was but a slight girl. It was warm in there, enraptured with golden tactile hues. As the sleep readily escaped from her heavy lids all of her true responsibilities and turmoil cam to fruition, the gold shine became tarnished to a dull brass of reality. She can bask in this warmth for only a few short moments, but those moments slip from her hands like pebbles at the beach. The beach where she and her dogs had run on brighter days when the sun was high like an egg yolk, fluid and spherical. Crashed back into the realization of the day ahead, she lifted an arm heavy as lead and moved it towards the alarm clock. An invention of the devil to keep godliness from the rested! With the newfound silence, she crept silently over the sleeping body that lay next to her in a cocoon of brilliant splendor. Feeling the pangs of jealousy for her sleeping companion and dread for the toils ahead, she stood and labored across the room. The pangs of air crisp from the frozen night filled her lungs. Her feet cautiously slid across the bathroom floor towards the shower. The shower. Its mighty silver streaks warm her soul as the slither across her naked body. In this she rejoices, for it may be the last true warmth she finds during daylight. Brilliant raindrops remove the scales from her eyes and deliver her unclothed body anew. A sudden sense of dread arises in her heart, for she realizes this sensation can not last and is over all too soon, for she must push the button closing the shower valve and ending the joyful celebration of cleansing. Quickly she exits the shower and envelops herself in shrouds of scrubs and hoodies. This uncommon uniform is like a titanium shield. Able to withstand the onslaught of pureed vegetables and drool which it faces day after day until the final day. After dressing, she makes short efforts towards perfecting a face to wear all day.  Thick smudges of jet-black mascara clump to her lashes, like tar smothered onto a roof prior to yearly snow season. A blow dryer is moved swiftly atop her wild mane to ionize molecules of hydrogen and oxygen pairs. Her fingers run across laces rough and raged from years of exposure to various temperaments and chemicals. Pulled taut and fashioned into a bow, she is ready to brave the outside world. Calling to her trusty companions, they shake off their own shrouds of the draught of morpheus and bound down the stairs to her side.  She commands them to sit, but the companions fid this task unbearable secondary to bubbling excitement at the immediate future. She finds their leashes and tethers them to her. A single tug on the cord will command their attention toward her will. She pulls them close to the side and draws open the opening of her chamber. The womb is broken and will remain so, until dusk of that evening when she returns.