He awoke to the harsh sound of workmen outside and clutched the tangle of blankets slung over his shivering frame. He vaguely recalled distant voices and shuffling bodies moving past hours earlier, eager to avoid disrupting his slumber. His eyelids opened and closed without his consent for minutes, at random, as he slipped in and out of consciousness. His exhaustion was inexplicable but heavy and obvious, an inarguable presence. His sleep broke at the shout of an alarm. He awkwardly emerged from his makeshift bedding and pawed at the sink, slashing water here and there in a vague attempt at becoming clean. After scanning the counter for food, without success, he exchanged forgettable pleasantries with his host. I'm sorry I can't offer you any coffee, he said.That's okay. I didn't expect anything.I would usually have some, but we just ran out.Thank you anyway.The man shook his host's hand upon their parting, without enthusiasm. Slinking from the doorway and onto the pavement, he greeted the mild weather with indifference. His pace was quick, the wind at his back. Others on the pavement were mere obstacles, hustling, shouting, greeting one other. He walked to the train and waited, tapping restlessly, alternately seated and standing. During his wait, he found a discarded bag, crunching quietly as the wind blew through it. Its dull color somehow called out to him and he emptied the bag onto the concrete. A old, dog-eared book tumbled out first, followed by a scarf and a receipt, some papers. Someone had no doubt left it behind and would return. Still, he continued to sift through the contents, the scraps of paper promising nothing but still subjected to rigorous examination. Moments passed. A stranger approached and claimed ownership of the bags, greedily tearing it away from the man's hands. The man let it go without a word, without acknowledgment. The train approached and the man climbed on, bound for the city. When he arrived he moved along the crowded streets with confidence and speed. He reached a gloomy restaurant and entered, fumbling at the door, awkwardly allowing exiting patrons to pass through the door first, smiling dumbly at them. They walked through him without regard. The man found his party, a mix of strangers and familiar faces and took the only available seat, cracking a weak smile that he wore uncomfortable. It flashed and disappeared, and he resumed his unimpressive look.   He struggled to recall the events of the previous night, engaging the people he had just joined in casual banter while his mind raced over a field of monotonous language. He remembered typically awkward exchanges that characterize most social climates, advances and unsubtle efforts soaked in alcohol and destined to be quickly forgotten, deliberately misremembered, or regretted. He remembered wanting to escape to the street where he could wander undisturbed and unobserved but he fought those instincts as many have learned to do. He took alcohol as it was handed to him and drank it with abandon, blending in.