He woke to find his blankets in a pile at the foot of his bed and that his companion had gone in the night. Late to rise and a heavy but animated sleeper. The morning was cold and stark, made worse by the silence and unexpected lack of company. He drew the blankets back up and contemplated another hour of blissful sleep, but the day intruded. Like an unwelcome visitor, deaf to the cues from an unreceptive host.  Light sliced through the blinds, and construction began in the adjacent apartment. The harsh cacophony crashed through the wall. His best efforts to isolate himself from the din failed. It crept through his hastily-erected barricade of pillows and blankets and drove him headlong into the morning.Leaning with his head practically touching his knees, he sat at the edge of the bed, waiting for consciousness to take hold. He waited for his eyes to adjust to the soft, pale light and stood. Hoping to find a note he checked his desk for any stray scraps of paper. Nothing. Then he decided that coffee would be better consolation that any further searching. The narrow hallway was windowless and darker than the rest of the apartment. Ill-decorated and more desolate than his room.  He shuffled toward the kitchen, pulling the aging sweatshirt he’d grabbed from his floor over his head as he walked. The window above the stove was still open from cooking the night before. A cold draft ran across the floor. He slammed it shut and turned his attention to the stove. Seconds after the click and flash of the stove lighting beneath the kettle his phone rang in the other room. He considered ignoring the shrill buzzing, but by the third ring he was awkwardly jogging down the hall. Needlessly heavy, short strides back towards the bed he’d so reluctantly left. He fumbled with the phone at first. Then, as though someone were watching, he calmly and deliberately put it to his ear. Hello? She answered, Hi, sorry I left. You were asleep. I know, he replied.  They paused. He lowered himself back onto his bed, succumbing to the temptation of his sheets. Like sinking into a warm bath. She spoke first. Should I come back? He smiled, then slid back to a neutral expression, his lips pursed in thought. Do you want to? She murmured something in the affirmative, and he let slip an equally indistinct mumble of recognition. He pressed the phone shut. Flailing his arm over the edge of his bed, he groped for his nightstand. Finding it, he slammed the phone down and relaxed his fist. Expecting her to call upon her return, he pulled a pillow under his head and tried to get back to sleep. The piercing whistle from the kettle raced down the hallway and forced his eyes back open. Slightly less reluctantly than before, he shuffled back out of bed and towards the kitchen. 