She woke up in the warm bed.  The morning was crisp as it was cold and the bed warm at is was summer.  Like a bad dream that must end she got herself out of bed and slowly walked on the soft white carpet.  The light from the bathroom showed the way, like a flashlight on a hike at midnight.  The silence in the air was serene.  Finally the door to the bathroom was open like a pelican opens its mouth to eat a fish.  She walks in and steps into the shower.  The tiles are cold under her feet.  As the water begins she seems like her feet are in a river.  She can feel the water rush from her feet and then quickly goes down the drain.  The steam begins to build and it is like she is in a tropical storm.  She steps out of the shower on to the cold tiles and feels the water drip off.  A towel is used to dry her body and then she is downed in cloths.  She picks up a toothbrush like a monkey picks up a banana.  Slowly she begins to brush. It feels like a midnight storm in her mouth.  Then she leaves for work, as quickly as a fly escapes from a trap, and gets into her car. She feels an earthquake under her seat when she turns on the engine and she is off.  The sun has not rose and the day had not begun but her day was going like a cheetah running after its prey.  She drove quickly looking at the lights from the street lips like they were a firecracker.  Before she knew it, she was at work.  She walked into work like a butterfly landing on an orchid.  She put on her work jacket as if it was a new jacket off the rack at a department store.  The she start to work.  She grabbed the yellow chart sitting in front of her and opened it up as if it were a book that she was anticipating reading and she began the novel.  It was about a newborn child.  She read on.  One night he began to shake and move like a egg about to release a chicken.  The parents became worried and came in to the hospital.  She walked slowly to the door and put her hand on the cold metal handle and opened it like she was a detective about to start a new case.  She scaned the room.  There was a baby in her mothers arms being rocked to sleep like she had an imaginary rocking chair. In the corner was the father, biting his nails as if he had not had a meal in days.  The introduction was made and the interview began first slowly and then faster and faster as if the families speech was a train coming out of the station. She looked into their eyes and could see the worry and fear.