The neighborhood of West Philadelphia could be described as diverse and history filled.  The truth of the matter is that much of that has changed – the specter of gentrification and displacement has passed its grimy hand over hundreds of square blocks.  It originates from the laughable entity of “University City” - a propagandized phrase originated in the bowels of some public relations firm in the employ of the University of Pennsylvania.I digress – West Philadelphia is really a wonderful place.  The neighborhood consists mostly of turn of the century (19th century, that is) Victorian-style town homes and duplexes.  While not nearly dense enough to earn the title “wooded”, the neighborhood does have a number of moderately well kept parks and a decent number of trees along the streets.  This is in contrast with the rest of the city, where things are more heavily populated, with smaller houses closer together.Closest to my house, the main commercial corridor is Baltimore Avenue.  There is a wide variety of shops, delis and restaurants.  In a few spots, there are holdouts of the old activist and leftist community – namely the A-Space, an anarchist-leaning meeting space.  Activist organizations such as Books through Bars organize book mailings for prisoners there, there are book discussions, and meeting space for other organizations.  A few doors down is the local community food cooperative.  The cooperative is a smallish space that could sorely use a good cleaning, but is still a highly shopped source for the neighborhood.The racial makeup of the neighborhood has changed in the past four years I have lived and worked there.  The university has injected a large bubble of money in to the area, which has forced out the poorer folks who cannot absorb the increase in property taxes.  Those that have been moving in to the void are largely Caucasian students, displacing the traditionally African-American residents of the neighborhood.  In some cases this has led to resentment – mostly in the younger African-American folks, but for the most part the transition doesn't seem to be much of a big deal for most residents.The office that I work in is located in the basement of a very old Calvary church on the corner of one of the main thoroughfare roads and Baltimore Avenue.  The church building, as most of the houses and businesses in the neighborhood, is over 100 years old.  It was recently a source of focus when times were tough, and the church decided to sell the ornate Tiffany stained glass windows.  The church congregation and neighborhood activists were upset, and organized quickly to raise money and save the windows.  To this day the glass is intact and in good shape – a testament to the residents honoring the history around them.Overall the feel of the neighborhood is not what one would expect, inside of a major metropolitan city such as Philadelphia.  One would say that it is much more livable than comparable urban spaces.