My neighborhood is the Art Museum neighborhood.  It is a good neighborhood because it is close to center city and has little crime.  You can get to the art museum and Fairmount Park very easily.  Fairmount Street has a lot of stores and bars.  There's plenty to do in the area.  Did you know that Eastern State Penitentiary is a historic old prison in the area on Fairmount Street?  Its architecture significantly influenced the design of 300 other prisons.  It is considered the world's first true penitentiary because it encouraged solitary confinement.   
You can get around with Public transit.  There are many options within a five block radius.  The Broad Street Line subway is only four blocks away.  That will get you to city hall where you can get on the Market Frankford Line or Regional Rail at Suburban Station.  You can also get to 30th Street Station where you can pick up Amtrak trains.  You can also get on five different busses to take you other places in the city.
My block is close to a bad area.  The block to the north of me consists of rent controlled Philadelphia Housing Authority apartments.  It is the only block in the area that has not gentrified.  A police officer told me that it was a former gang hangout in the 1990s.  Many of the people he arrested are getting out of jail now.  The neighborhoods go downhill as you go north of Fairmount Street.  I wouldn't want to live in some of those places.  
Parking is sometimes a problem in my area.  This is especially true if you do not get a parking permit.  Cross streets (those that run east-west) are restricted to two hours or unlimited if you have a permit.  North-South streets usually do not have restrictions.  The schools in the area let you park in their lots during non-school hours.  Weekends and the summer are the best time to park there.  It really helps with finding a spot sometimes.  I have never needed to park more than two blocks away with my permit.
Permits make me think of hermits.  A guy lives downstairs who is kind of a hermit.  My old roommate called him Dead Mark.  His name is Mark.  Mark doesn't talk to people.  Before I moved in they thought Mark was dead one week.  His door was open and they could hear his dogs in his apartment.  My old roommate didn't want to open the door.  It turned out that Mark went away and his mom was supposed to check on the dogs.  She did once and left the door open.  
The neighborhood is kind of quiet.  This is good because it is residential and a lot of people with jobs live there.  They need to get up early and go to work.  A bar opened up on the corner and I worried that it might mean a lot of noise.  I only notice the noise in the summer.  Even then, they close the outside by 11 during the week.
