	My neighborhood is way cool.  There are lots of different types of people living here.  There are also lots of stores and restaurants that are unique.  There are also parks and trees everywhere.	There are lots of young people who live near me in my neighborhood.  College students from the nearby schools are about one third of the local population.  They come from schools like Penn and Drexel.  Recently I have noticed more young people moving into the neighborhood.  There are also a lot of other dirty kids who hang around.  They have dogs and dreadlocks.  Then there are the people who have lived here (and their families) for many years.  I can understand why they could be sad that their neighborhood is filling up with young people so fast and their old friends move out.  	There are some really good restaurants here too.  I like to go to this place which makes really good sandwiches with tofu.  They are called tofu hoagies.  There are also alot of african restaurants and they are also really really good.  Another place that I like to eat at alot is called Saads.  It makes food from places like the middle East, falafel and hummus and stuff like that.  It is really good.  Sometimes I like to go to this good bar near my house called leroy's.  They have really good drinks and it is not very expensive.  There is also a place that makes pizzas and beer, but it is really expensive for only pizza and beer.  I don't like to go there too much.	Another really great think about my neighborhood is that there is lots trees and parks and grassy spots around.  I think this is important.  I think that having them around is healthy.  There are markets and games in the parks.  There are also sometimes concerts.  I like to go to the parks to get food when it's there.  I get snacks mostly.  I also hang out with friends there.  We play big games like tag and capture the flag.  But sometimes we play board games too.  I also like that there are lots of trees in my neighborhood.  When I go outside I can see them and it makes me smile.  In the fall they change colors and it is very great.  They also give lots of shade in the summer when it's hot.  	I also like that where I live is close to the city.  I can get on a trolley or bus and go into the city really easily.   I go into the city to shop and hang out.  There are some great museums there too.  Also the sport's teams can be fun to watch.	I really like my neighborhood.  It is cool.  The trees, city and different types of people make it really great.  I don't want to leave.  But I would leave if you let me go to your college.  Please think about me coming to your college.  It could be really really great.  