I live in West Philly on a small side street. On this street, there are actually trees, which I enjoy quite a bit. It's a town house, so I share my bottom floor with an annoying woman named Andrea. Oh does Andrea love to complain about how much noise we make, even though it's really not that much noise at all. She has no friends, so it's ok. Inside the house, there are two floors. The first floor is my domain. As soon as you walk up the stairs, you have my room. Super high ceilings, lots of closet space and a queen size bed. My room, of course, is accompanied by it's own bathroom. Which I must say was a definite plus when selecting the house. Besides my room is the kitchen and living room. The kitchen, usually a sloppy mess, is what I try to spend as little time in as possible. I'm a big fan of, if the meal takes longer to cook then it does to eat, you're doing something wrong. 
Upstairs there are three rooms and a bathroom. This bathroom is always disgusting and smelling not so nice. I don't know how anyone could use it, and I certainly don't. Unfortunately, the washer and dryer are on the top floor, so I must venture up there occasionally to handle business. There is no roof access on the top floor, which deeply saddens me, as I would love to sit on the roof.
As far as the street goes, it is very plain. Although, even with it being plain, the neighborhood is very tight knit for being in West Philly. Neighbors generally get along, small children can play on the street without fear, people can say hello to each other when walking by, and it's a nice common courtesy.  Omar, the neighborhood homeless man, is usually pretty nice for a homeless man. But of course he has his belligerent days with all the rest of them.
A local favorite, Supremo, also sold me on the location. A grocery store less than a block away cannot be beaten. Although the staff is a bit angry for having such a relaxed job, I still enjoy wandering, shopping, and midnight munching my way through Supremo. Another local favorite is Evan's Varsity Pizza. Evan has such a wide variety of beers to select from, you can't help but to bask in the gloriousness of it. Also, their pizza ain't to shabby either. Speaking of pizza, probably the best in Philly resides mere blocks away, Allegro. Allegro tomato pie, just thinking of it makes me start to salivate.  Beer you should be asking by now, where is the nearest beer store? We'll, not but 2 blocks away is University Beverage, stocked full of PA's finest and a small section of exotic brews.
All in all, I thoroughly enjoy this block, the people and the general atmosphere. It's not like the rest of Philly, very different vibe. People get along, and I can get along with that.