	It is hard to describe my neighborhood without discussing the way that Pittsburghers break down the neighborhoods of their city.  There are two main aspects that define these breakdowns, one is topography and the other is pride.  Pittsburgh is a hilly city, and because of this, historically neighborhoods tended to be self sufficient and community orientated.  It also caused community boundaries to be drawn in different ways.  Pittsburghers love to say that they are from Pittsburgh when in other places, and it becomes an area of contention if anyone tries to challenge that they come from the best city ever.  Within city limits however, as much as we cling to the fact that we are from Pittsburgh elsewhere, we stress the importance of the specific neighborhoods that we live in.  Whereas in other places, such as Philadelphia ,neighborhoods are lumped together as West or South Philly, in Pittsburgh an area like the one I live in, the East End is broken into specific neighborhoods.   In a place that is smaller than most neighborhoods in other cities, the East End is Friendship, Shadyside, Lawrenceville, Bloomfield, and Garfield.  If not familiar with the area one could walk through a four block radius and not know that they have passed  3 separate neighborhoods, but the locals all know.	While yes I live in the East End of Pittsburgh, I specifically live in Lawrenceville, more specifically the area known as Upper Lawrenceville which is thankfully at the top of one of the worst hills in the East End.  It is an area of town that is changing rather rapidly.  Between hipsters buying houses, and new children’s hospital being built, to many of the old folks in the area  the neighborhood is unrecognizable to what they once knew.  This is not to say that they are horribly displeased with the changes , while some may grumble as bikes zoom past, or when kids take over the formally locals only breakfast spot, others see that some of us are committed to creating a new community.  They are happy to have too loud dinner parties if it means a glass of wine, or piece of cake will be shared over the fence.  Instead of empty rental houses run by agencies who don’t care about maintaining the properties, people are happy to see piles of discarded carpet on the street side, and people with hammers fixing the doors.	Lawrenceville is a great neighborhood and not just because of the changes occurring with the shifting demographics.  It borders my other favorite neighborhood in the city, Bloomfield, Pittsburgh’s Little Italy.  Because of this, there are a number of coffee shops, little bars, and a handful of decent grocery stores in walking distance.  The houses are mostly all row houses whose shared walls make every house seem louder and more full than it actually is.  On top of that it is a mere walk from one of the three rivers that border the city of Pittsburgh, which provides a number of great spots to have bonfires, drink beers, and view the skyline of the city itself.  Overall, Lawrenceville is a pretty good place.	