I live in a neighborhood of Philadelphia called "Old City" which is close to many of the historic landmarks in Philadelphia and has many boutique shops and art galleries.  Old City is located on the East side of the city, and is next to the Delaware river.  Philadelphia was settled from the East to the West, so the oldest parts of the city are in general on the East.  The neighborhood's boundaries are Lombard Street in the South, the Delaware River in the East, Seventh Street in the West and Vine Street in the North.  The Southeast section of Old City is home to many of the city's nightclubs, the Western section is home to many of the historic landmarks, such as the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall, and the Northeast section which is where I live is home to the boutiques and many art galleries.  The boutiques and art galleries are a relatively new addition to the neighborhood.  In the late 1990s many artists flocked to the area due to the low rent and availability of loft space for studios.  Before the influx of artists, the area of the city was known for its furniture stores and restaurant supply stores, which still exist today.  There are two historical attractions that are within a block of my apartment.  They are Elfreth's Alley and the Betsy Ross House.  Elfreth's Alley is one of the oldest continuously inhabited residential streets in the United States.  The Betsy Ross House is supposedly where Betsy Ross once lived.  Despite the fact that most historians now believe that Betsy Ross did not in fact create the first American flag, in the 1870s a female body was exhumed from an unmarked grave in the graveyard she was thought to be buried in.  That body, which was actually unlikely to be Betsy's in the first place, was going to be re-buried in a monument next to the house she lived in.  The problem was that the addresses had changed a number of times over the years, so her house could actually have been one of two different houses.  The authorities randomly chose one of the two houses, made it into a museum, knocked down the other house to make into a courtyard, and buried the exhumed body in the courtyard.  So I live next to a building that may have been the house of the woman whose body may have been buried next to it who also may have made the first American flag.  Old City is relatively easily accessible through public transport since the Market Frankford subway line has two stops in the neighborhood.  The tourist attractions in the neighborhood also attract many commercial trolley companies that shuttle tourists around.  One company are the Duck Boats which are amphibious vehicles that take tourists around the city and also go on a ride in the Delaware River.  Residents, myself included, hate the Duck Boats because they give whistles to all of the tourists that make a loud quacking noise.  However, overall Old City is a great place to live with many conveniences and neighborhood charm. 