These are approximately five hundred words of myself, Kyle Golrick, attempting to mask my identity from said program.  To do so, I intend to use flowery language and many terms and phrases that are not common to my speech.  I feel that under normal constraints, my writing is of short length, and simple dialect.  Therefore I am spreading my wings and attempting to sound as though I am a high brow poop sniffer of substantial proportions.

While the first paragraph was merely a scant attempt at filling the page, I press on, hoping to fill the document with a barage of goofy verbiage and crazy concepts that normally do not fill my skull.  My skull usually rattles with dreams of sports and athletic accomplishments that both shock an appal all that dare to think them humanly possible.  Instead, I now believe my brain to be taking on aspects of intelectualism and flowers and fields and the like.

Dancing hippos on the pond are a fond memory, like many a scene of animated perfection.  I wish that I too could skate with flamingos and waltz with aligators.   You may now notice that my writing has basically become whatever haphazard rambling that floats through my mind as I await the coming of the eleven o'clock hour.  For then I shall venture out into the cold, and verily meet my destined location in Drexel plaza.  There, my enemy awaits.  He shall attempt to fill my brain with knowledge and facts about the fascist regimes of europe.  But he will have met his match and my laziness will prevail.  Armed with the password to the lab computer, I have the ability to procratinate like none other.  I may scour message boards, chat with friends.  And read countless columns on the internet before he can break my spirits and force knowledge upon me.  He must not win this battle, for the enemy can smell fear, and if he knows I have broken will strike with the full force and fury of a thousand nations, bringing upon me much pain and suffering.

I must defend against my enemy with the shit of a thousand bulls.  And once victorious, I shall be rewarded by my university with a certificate pronouncing my glory.  At that time, I shall venture forth into the real world with an effore to procure full time employment.  I would not undertake such an endevor, but for my compelling addiction to disc sport.  To fund this addiction, I must acquire funds, for I lack independent funding.  Like most of my bretheran, I must offer services in return for which I shall be paid.  Then, and only then, shall I be able to pursue my glorious endevors on the pitch.  They shall pay for travel, apparel, equipment, and many a drink with my companions.  If lucky, I shall attain great acclaim and attend the tournament of champions in Florida and take my place at the podium.  If not, I shall still revel in the glory of good compay and great accomplishments.