I live in the neighborhood in Philly called Bella Vista. It’s made up of three or four story apartments. They are called brownstones. There are some parks where kids can play. There is the best dog park. I am there often with my two dogs. It is right next to an area called the “Gayborhood”. I feel like my section is sort of like the lesbian little sister. My view could be skewed due to the high number of lesbians at my dog park though. I love living here. It is very close to stores. There are many restaurants too. I really love the breakfast diner. There I can eat things. Things like hash browns, eggs, and granola. So yummy. One thing that can be terrible is the parking. Sometimes I have to look for a spot for a very long time when I come home at night. Most people living here have street parking, and often I feel like there are not enough spots. Its usually the worst on Thursday and Friday nights. I love my landlord. He is a artist who does murals. He owns many properties in the area. He does murals with many colors and mirrors. There are vibrant blues, reds, yellows, greens and purples. He is a great landlord. He is very quick to fix things when they are broken down. My place is also covered in murals. The stairwells are full of them, and he even has pictures of him and his wife naked. He is a love child of the sixties. He likes to add pictures of people having sex into his artwork. It makes for interesting conversation when I have guests over. What else about my neighborhood? Its very people-friendly. I feel very safe at night, cause often I have to take the dogs out after nightfall. There are 2 grocery stores nearby. This is nice. I often need to make quick runs over there for lunch or dinner. I often cook dinner, but when I don’t I visit one of the local restaurants. There is mainly American style food around here. You have to go a little further out for true ethnic style eateries. Except Italian. There are many Italian restaurants nearby, because the Italian market is so close. This area of town is very old. There is lots of historic stuff. The Liberty Bell and Constitution Center are just a few blocks away. I guess what I like best about my neighborhood is that it is so close to everything else in Philadelphia. I have only lived here a year, but it is my most favorite place that I have ever lived. They say Philadelphians are rough around the edges. I think that everyone here is honest. They maybe be brisk, but at least they are honest. I would like to live here for some more years. Maybe three to five years. I don’t know where else to go after this. I think San Francisco would be nice. Or maybe Seattle, Portland or Vancouver. Philly is my home for now.