I live in a West Philadelphia neighborhood that lies on the outer edges of what is considered the university area of Philadelphia. The community includes families that have lived in the area for a long time, as well as an ever-increasing amount of college students, post-college professionals and transplanted individuals from other cities along the east coast. Compared to other parts of Philadelphia, West Philly is a little more like the neighborhoods that I grew up in. A good amount of trees and parks fill out the area, the houses are pretty large, and you run into a lot of people you know on a daily basis. In other parts of Philly, I think people often feel like they have less space to roam, less of a sense of community, and less connection among the huge buildings and busy streets. My part of West Philly offers a lot to its residents. There are many quiet streets, a bustling block that has a variety of restaurants and businesses, ranging from bars and co-ops to dollar stores and laundry-mats. One does not need to go far to cover at least their basic needs. Parks and public art projects are sprinkled through the area, which lends a feeling of nature and creativity to the the community that I feel is lacking in some other areas. West Philly is far enough from the city itself to make you feel like you live outside of it but close enough so that you feel connected to it. You can part of see the skyline from Baltimore Ave and a quick bike ride down the street takes you across the river into Center City. There is a feeling that one gets of connectedness but a comfortable and safe distance from it.The houses are, for the most part, large and sprawling, and are often shared amongst several people. They are famous for being poorly insulated and therefore cold in winter, because heating costs are so obscene. Rent is cheap and space is ample. The houses, to me, are the focal point of the idea of community here. Unlike other cities, such as New York, I believe that the houses in West Philly in particular lend themselves to social activity. New Yorkers that I know tend to gather in bars, going out and spending money, escaping tiny shoebox apartments. In Philly, many people hang out at home or at the homes of friends, holding group dinners, dance parties, art shows, etc. My neighborhood, though historically known for violence and often considered dangerous, is comfortable for me. There is, as with many cities and especially where there is affordable housing, young people, and rapidly gentrified neighborhoods, a good deal of tension on the streets. Walking alone late at night is ill-advised, as is biking alone, carrying valuables, and so on. But, in this regard, the neighborhood has improved. With that improvement has come a change in the makeup of its residents, as college aged people move in in droves. On the whole, it is comfortable and only as dangerous as other cities.