The town I grew up in is very small. Practically everyone knows each other. My neighborhood is the same way – everyone knows each other.  Many young families moved in around the same time. There were always other kids my age to play with. We played football on my friend’s front lawn. We chose his house because he had the biggest lawn on the block. His side of the street had large front lawns and small backyards. My side was the opposite. Both sides of the street were lined with trees. The branches from either side grew together in the middle. That made the street look almost like it had a tunnel over it. The street is very wide. But, you can only park on one side. Sometimes we would play capture the flag. Those games needed bigger groups. Now most of the kids are in college. There are still a couple young families. Their kids have lemonade stands or mow lawns for allowance. There aren’t as many large group games, though. Even though the kids have left, the parents still get together for parties and barbeques.I grew up in a blue house. It has three floors and a small hill with a steep slope in the front. The houses on my block were all built separately. That makes it look different than most of New Jersey, which has a lot of developments. All the houses look like they fit together. Almost all the houses on my block are about the same age. The one newer house looks out of place. It looks like a vacation home at the shore. That house also has four bronze children on the front lawn. Those statues make it look even more out of place. My neighbors have a koi pond in their backyard. They also have a fake Japanese tea house. One side of their yard looks like all the others, with a swing set and grassy area. The other half is made to look like Japan. One of the residents is an architect. He designed the whole thing himself. Another house has a front lawn that’s completely surrounded with trees. It has a semi-circular driveway and ivy instead of grass in the middle. The front of the house is very dark because of the dense canopy. There are no private pools on my block. This is also different from most of New Jersey. There is one outdoor hot tub, though.One end of my block connects to a major road. Those corners have a bank with a large parking lot and two doctors’ offices. Only the bank has building designed for its purpose. The others are just old houses with new tenants. The other end of the street is in the middle of a neighborhood that is all residential. The only buildings other than houses are churches.