My neighborhood is located in the middle of the valley adjacent to a big city.  There is a diverse group of people in the neighborhood.  There are old people and young people.  A lot of the people know at least 2 different languages.  The children go to school during the day and most of the adults' works.  The children go to the neighborhood school or to the private school down the street.  In the morning everybody is out and about trying to get were they need to go.  There is a multitude of stores in my neighborhood.  There are three supermarkets.  One supermarket is cheap and for those trying to safe.  The next, is a supermarket known for their fresh produce and bakery.  The last supermarket is a specialty supermarket with fine cheeses and pre-made foods.  There is also a dry cleaner that cleans the cloths on the property and a shoe repair man that has owned his shop for the past 30 years.  The shoe repair man's name is Mike and my family has been going to him for shoe repair help forever.  There is a diversity of restaurants in the area.  What ever you want you can get.  There is Chinese, Japanese, American, deli, pizza places, ands sandwich places.  On the weekends, walk to the pizza place and grab myself a nice big olive pizza and eat it all while walking on the way home.  For breakfast in the mornings I frequent the donut shop on the corner.  The workers know me by name.  It is a good way to start the day.  For lunch and dinner during the week I go the Chinese restaurant.  The workers know me and have my meal ready when I walk in the door.  I order the same thing every day sweet and sour chicken for lunch and hot and sour soup for dinner. When I need my shoes to be repaired that is were I go.  The house in my neighborhood are a compilation of  single store homes with a nice grassy lawn in the front and a big backyard for the children to play in the back, two store homes with almost no backyard, and apartments.  The apartment buildings in the neighborhood are all yellow, red and blue.  In general, there is a pool in the courtyard.  When walking by these units you can usually see people sitting on their balconies and they wave. We do not have many parks in the neighborhood.  Many people blame it on bad city planning in the 80s when the general thought was we would run out of space in the community and the homeless would overrun the streets.  On the weekends, since there is a lack of parks, the community takes over the front lawns of the people in the single store homes.  There the community has picnics, sing-a-longs, and barbeques.  These are the best time of the week.  So, that is how I would describe my neighborhood.